[Music]
after the crash of this turn this tragic
story into something
welcome to slash forward the channel
will be provide summarization and
commentary for all your favorite popular
and obscure horror movies in this video
we're going to jump to 2003 for the
first sequel to final destination final
destination - released three years after
the original it takes place six months
after the events that transpired in
Paris and one year after the flight 180
disaster there your budget broader scope
but is it a better movie than the
original let's take a look and decide
I'm stranger the survivors who managed
to get off the plane before it crashed
we hear some exposition coming from the
TV apparently there are people within
the general public that know enough
about the events from the first movie
deposit a theory about an unseen
malevolent force that decides when we
live and die we face death he tries real
hard to sound dark and edgy but it
really sounds like he's just describing
life this lone nutter and the show host
disagree about the nature of coincidence
as the camera focuses in on a young lady
sleeping soundly we see that the breeze
has caught up with her but we don't yet
know why as the TV expounds more advice
[Music]
so I guess we're all boned then we get
some cues the death is lingering around
here and then transition into the next
morning we find out that our cursed main
character is Kim she's preparing to go
on a trip to Daytona with her friend
Shana who helps put her dad at ease
about the whole thing good for you
when they leave Kim's dad notices fluid
on the ground that didn't come from him
when the camera catches up with our
group it's whipping around all over the
place indicating that we may have a
sequence starting a funny can lady shows
up and tells the boys a classic joke
[Applause]
hillarious were then inundated with
minor details in foreshadowing it would
actually be easy for anyone observing to
see that an accident is imminent as the
drivers and passengers seem to be
actively engaged in everything but
driving pay attention next time you're
in traffic it's nothing like this if
you're lucky as expected we end up with
the unfolding of a huge multi-car pileup
made worse by the fact that everyone
behind it is driving at max speed and no
one slows down screw it let's navigate
this [ __ ] oh we end up back at the
friends in their SUV waiting to pull
onto the highway
Kim snaps out of her waking nightmare
feeling unsettled the boys are treated
to an encore Kim gets enough repeat
information to recognize that something
weird is going down unlike Alex she has
a little more control over the situation
and her freakout prevents any of them
from entering the roadway and getting
killed an officer pulls her from the car
to get a handle on what's going on as
she causes a scene with a row of stop
traffic behind her when the log truck
that initiated the original accident
rolls by she tries to convince the
officer to run it down and prevent the
accident however having changed the
outcome so significantly already the
truck barely makes it past the on-ramp
when it wrecks and explodes causing a
semi to smear her friends all over the
pavement the entire group of drivers who
had been stopped behind her end up at
the station and while it may not make
sense that they were all taken to the
station the circumstances served to
conveniently identify the main group
this movie will revolve around Kim gets
this thing rolling almost
instantaneously when she takes this
seemingly random and unusual series of
circumstances and connects it with the
equally random and unusual series of
circumstances related to flight 180 as
we all know two equally incredible and
unlikely events are usually connected as
a result of their unlikeliness through
this exposition we also find out that
clear is a sole survivor of the first
event committing herself to an isolated
padded room in an attempt to remain
outside death's reach as we would expect
most of the crew are unconvinced and
they then dispersed death is going to
have to pound some convincing into them
hardcore style back at home Kim only
just begins the arduous process of
unpacking her emotions we then find
ourselves breezing down a hallway as
Evan returns from a shopping trip to an
apartment that doesn't match his
shopping inclinations he almost
immediately prepares his body for the
act of cooking we can only hope he's not
cooking bacon the combination of his
inattention and deathtrap like apartment
almost immediately began to work against
him as we see multiple indications of
impending disaster death almost doesn't
even need to nudge him here he
about ready to take care of that
business himself when a flash from the
microwave startles him he drops his
[ __ ] a new pinkie ring down the drain
he dives in to get it but like a raccoon
refusing to let go of a shiny trinket he
gets his hand stuck in the drain this
would almost be comical if it wasn't
also apparent that the entire world is
coming unraveled around him he manages
to get free and heads for the window to
escape ok how is that an unfortunate
accident
why doesn't death just slit his throat
at this point he manages to make it to
the fire escape and since it's the early
2000s his apartment explodes he makes it
all the way down then manages to slip on
his spaghetti and take a ladder to the I
we then meet back up with officer Burke
who's doing some research there's a
little more backfilling of the events
following the prior movie we discovered
that Alex locked himself away for three
months only to go on a walk with clear
and be killed by a falling brick see
simple no pretense needed meanwhile the
rest of the group is watching the same
channel at the same time mutually
discovering that one of their tribe is
now dead as a result of unusual
circumstances
Kim decides to make a trip out to visit
clear in the hope that she can help them
get a grasp on what's happening
unfortunately her isolation has not
resulted in any clarity on the situation
if you put them on the list they're
already dead but weren't they slated to
die anyway
Kim basically gets her general rundown
of the rules but also puts a new thought
and clears mind when she mentions that
her friends died first in reality rather
than last as in her premonition Kim
leaves with the gift of more worthless
wisdom yeah everything is signs when she
gets back Burke is at her house to pick
her up
he's called to gather the remaining
survivors in the hope that they can work
together to keep each other safe however
before they can go Kim has a vision
about Tim and his mom so they run off to
help Tim is at the dentist preparing to
get absolutely destroyed and despite a
convergence of dangerous circumstances
he manages to walk out with only minor
brain damage resulting from his
excessive exposure to pure nitrous Kim
and Burke run up just in time to scream
pigeon at them this causes Tim still
high on the goof juice to run into a
flock of pigeons and demonstrating the
need for nuance and one's expression of
the signs gets flattened by an
unforeseen pane of glass what more do
you want she yelled pigeon his mom
insists on staying with his puppy
remains oh I can tell clear shows up
having had a change of heart and takes
them to talk with the mortician having
had such luck with him the first time
around
still talking straight nonsense he gives
them a new rule about how the
introduction of new
life forces death to start over all they
have to do is she is the details come
together with a bit more clarity when
Kim has a vision and then chokes on it
Birk then remembers a pregnant lady at
the scene who never showed up the police
station but how will they ever find her
Hey Oh convenience now they have a new
direction and are ready to have that
survivors group meeting their group gets
a rundown of the rules and then Kim
starts handing out cell phones I can't
Eugene plays the skeptic and leaves with
Nora who hasn't end to her son's funeral
while on the elevator this creepster
shows he has no qualms about unabashedly
living his best life
gross when Nora attempts to step off the
elevator malfunctions resulting in
Nora's regret that she didn't walk in a
more upright manner posture so where do
you stand now Eugene Eugene like Carter
demonstrates that they're all deaths
[ __ ] as he manages to rip off six
duds in a row death is OCD about
sequence order don't try to mess up what
he's got going because really that was
sort of a gimme while this happens we
find out that Berks APB has managed to
snag Isabella the pregnant motorist
who's now safe in protective custody
ah crap they leave Demeter they
discovered that they've all cheated
death before and that their change in
circumstances was tangentially related
to flight 180 it's an outward Ripple of
influence working backward to close the
rift and yeah whatever
everyone's gonna die as they race to get
to Isabella they nearly collide with her
racing the other way cat manages to keep
enough control of the van to avoid
serious injury but ends up pinned in she
enlists the help of a nubile young farm
him as he goes to work and a news van
shows up we're left waiting to see how
this disaster of unforeseen
circumstances will come together this
one results in a twofer is this smartass
I'll just put it on quiet mode goes in
ventilates cat's forehead and causing
her to drop her Virginia slim into the
dry grasses mixed with fuel resulting in
an explosion that causes this unlikely
accident we then cut to Isabella selling
the hell out of that classic cinema
labor down the hall is Eugene recovering
from some sort of asthma or panic attack
I guess the order or reverse order is
now satisfied because death previously
refusing to let Eugene shoot himself is
now closing doors and pulling equipment
carts around that's not very sporting
Kim and Burt catch up with a doctor and
Burke man spleens to her the proper way
to manage a breech birth but the doctors
in the hallway not the labor room silly
with the inept doctor out of the mix the
nurse is able to fix the breech and
successfully deliver the baby apparently
having cut the umbilical cord in utero
placenta Soup for everyone it's time for
a celebration and now everything is back
in order as a new life has a reset death
cycle but then Kim has a new premonition
indicating Isabella was never supposed
to die in the first place
dmu untimely premonitions with the
sequence back on clear runs to save
Eugene just in time to get herself
blowed up the resulting injuries to
Kim's hands bring her vision into sharp
resolution she understands now that the
vision was showing her what she must do
and this being a Hospital adjacent lake
she proceeds to do it she steals an
ambulance and takes a long drive off a
short pier
Birk belly flaps his way after her but
is too
late she drifts off peacefully into
oblivion and then has brought violently
back to the realm of the living as she's
resuscitated death frequently shown to
be loose with the rules appear Lee
accepts this technicality and resets the
order we closed on Kim and Berk enjoying
a summer cookout resulting naturally
from the family's generations old
tradition of befriending the
acquaintances of anyone who happens to
die horrifically in their amber fields
of grain we've come to discover Brian
was nearly killed that day setting the
stage for a possible sequel and there
you have the first sequel a step-up in
budget and complexity with some cool
kills throughout it was only hindered by
an insistence on further exploring and
explaining the rules keep it simple and
give up on this invisible hand of death
stuff they also don't need to add the
reverse ripples and rifts of relatedness
if you make it too complicated and
far-reaching it loses its edge because
it becomes just like real life where
death is constantly waiting to greet us
all at any given moment
let's hope they smooth this out for the
next installment I hope you enjoy the
video and thanks for watching
[Music]